Most active Nasdaq-traded stocksSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Tue, May 8, 2012, 4:28 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Most active Nasdaq-traded stocks Nasdaq's 10 most active stocks at 1 p.m. Associated Press – 3 hours ago Companies: Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Zynga, Inc. SIRIUS XM Radio Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change ARNA 3.42 0.70 ZNGA 7.93 -0.41 SIRI 2.14 -0.02 MSFT 30.50 -0.15 MU 6.24 -0.26 NEW YORK (AP) -- A look at Nasdaq 10 most-active stocks at 1 p.m.: Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc. rose 15.4 percent to $3.14 with 34,121,600 shares traded. Cisco Systems Inc. fell 2.2 percent to $18.66 with 26,927,400 shares traded. Dendreon Corp. fell 21.7 percent to $9.15 with 17,370,600 shares traded. Fossil Inc. fell 37.1 percent to $79.15 with 13,536,100 shares traded. Frontier Communications corp. fell 5.3 percent to $3.42 with 16,902,000 shares traded. Intel Corp. fell 2.7 percent to $27.02 with 28,967,200 shares traded. Micron Technology Inc. fell 5.8 percent to $6.12 with 22,602,900 shares traded. Microsoft Corp. fell 1.2 percent to $30.28 with 26,885,500 shares traded. Sirius XM Radio Inc. fell 2.3 percent to $2.12 with 80,114,100 shares traded. Zynga Inc. fell 6.8 percent to $7.77 with 16,362,000 shares traded. @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Jive Q1 Beats; Q2, Year View Top Estimates - @ Barrons.com Is the Facebook IPO Doomed? - @ The Wall Street Journal Apple: Barclays Sees iPad Upside, 7-inch Model Possible - @ Barrons.com [video] Is the Facebook IPO Doomed? - @ MarketWatch Twitter Fights Prosecutors Seeking Occupy Protester's Data Without Warrant - @ Forbes   All Comments 51 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied Steve  •  Seymour, Indiana  •  32 minutes ago ARNA !!!!! Carl  •  27 days ago MICRON(MU) WILL BE $20.00 A SHARE BY YEARS END baldy  •  New York, New York  •  10 days ago MU going to $2 end of year Miky  •  1 month 8 days ago Micron Technologies, MU, is a great company. It's stock value will continue to grow. Great time to buy while it's still in the low 8's. they are on the leading edge of new technologies and their subsidiaries are doing well also. ed  •  13 days ago The company is talking with casino powerhouse Wynn (WYNN) about a potential online gambling partnership. They want to turn the social gaming that they have into online gaming as another source of revenue. In order for this to work, the company needs to form partnerships with casino operators in those states. Stern Agee Managing Director Arvind said Zynga is unable to participate meaningfully in legalized online gaming here, its shares could fall as much as 10 percent because investors have baked into the share price expectations of new gaming revenue. smokinCRAZY  •  Seattle, Washington  •  27 days ago sold out today no more sirius no way Joe  •  Mt Laurel, New Jersey  •  2 months ago Why does anyone bother to read or post here. It's all a bunch of speculation and people trying to get you to buy, so they can sell or trying to get you to sell, so they can buy. Losers. Stan  •  Denver, Colorado  •  2 months ago I remember just a few months ago watching Kramer say Sell Micron at $4.50. Great call Kramer. Should I buy Netflix at $200? Another great call. He has 20/20 hindsight. Dave  •  2 months ago I agree with bob so much, too bad I only started to buy MU at the low $8. It's gonna break at least into $12s this year.---- Micron Technologies, MU, is a great company. It's stock value will continue to grow. Great time to buy while it's still in the low 7"s. they are on the leading edge of new technologies and their subsidiaries are doing well also. rajesh  •  San Jose, California  •  2 months ago Gaining in stock market is pretty simple...Do the reverse of wat Jim Cramer says. Hector  •  Los Angeles, California  •  2 months ago I also bought MU@ 4.50 when Crammer was telling us to sell. Missed it Crammer. GordonGecko  •  San Diego, California  •  2 months ago MU CEO dies, stock up big time. What gives? M.S.  •  Pompano Beach, Florida  •  2 months ago DRYS is starting to move and quick. This is a winner in shipping. This stock could see 30 dollars in short time frame. Buying 1000 shares for a small investor could pay off big time. Ralph  •  Los Angeles, California  •  3 months ago All of last years junk is running, not really making big money, just moving up. Banks, homebuilders, Sears, Cisco, Microsoft virtually every company that was beating down is running. 53% of companies reporting are missing. And this is on lowered earnings from last year. I don't know where were going but I know when junk starts to run its a sign that a major tops is close. 3 year bull market, a market that needs constant fed intervention. I don't know. I'll stay small. Randy  •  Massillon, Ohio  •  2 months ago Sell aapl now. Huge move up. Apple tv is a flop. Sell now it's going back down. Lock in your profits A  •  2 months ago Why you need to report this most traded stocks,, most investors know this type of thing everyday... you are wasted people time.. may be you did not have anything good to do in your time. James  •  Toronto, Canada  •  3 months ago The rundown on Rimm has begun as consumers have finally abandoned all of Rim's offerings, and organizations are all moving to the iPads to run their businesses. It is advisable for all Rimm shareholders to dump their toxic Rimm stocks as soon as possible to salvage whatever residual values they can before the stampede takes away all their values. There are no doubts whatsoever, Rimm is a lost cause. imtiaz  •  Toronto, Canada  •  3 months ago anyy news or rumours on rimm Steve  •  Tucson, Arizona  •  3 months ago What is going on with Frontier Communications?? Their share price just keeps dropping, today off 5.8%. I can't find any news about FTR on the web. Anyone have any ideas or "insider information" perhaps? James  •  Toronto, Canada  •  3 months ago With commodities dropping and recession fears, many day traders view the bottom dwelling Rimm as a relative haven for some intraday gains. The high volatility in Rimm is back for intraday plays between $13 and $17 for +7 and -9 both ways. With all pretensions of competition gone from Rim pushing back the DOA date of BB 10 to probably the end of this year, the high volatility Rimm is now a speculative stock that's open season for intraday players and the legions of short artists. Rim is no longer a tech company, Rimm is now a slot machine in the Nasdaq casino.  More  Post a comment Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Top Stories » Wall Street Tumbles on Euro Zone Uncertainty Reuters Stocks tumbled to the lowest level in two months on Tuesday as new questions emerged over Europe's ability to fend … Facebook Roadshow: A Show Indeed Daniel Gross GOP Blocks Senate Debate on Student Loan Bill AP Financial Face-Off: Warren Buffett Vs. Gold and Silver Minyanville With Green Mountain, One Analyst Had it Right Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:04 PM EDT Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - Mon, May 7, 2012 1:53 PM EDT Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:10 PM EDT Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next Pet food infecting people with salmonell … Jordan may hire old rival for coaching j … Odd place Michael Phelps hides gold meda … Gold-medal winner who almost quit Escort calls Secret Service agents 'idio … Star promises revenge after fans mock in … On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Gavin Smith missing John Travolta Patrick Ewing Christina Aguilera Pet food recall Stephen A. Smith ESPN Kanye West Obesity Student loans N.C. Amendment 1 Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. The information contained in the AP News report may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of The Associated Press. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network