Wall Street falls on Europe, but late buying trims lossesSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Tue, May 8, 2012, 4:28 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Wall Street falls on Europe, but late buying trims losses Reuters – 5 minutes ago Companies: Dow Jones Industrial Average S&P 500 Walt Disney Co. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change ^DJI 12,932.09 -76.44 ^GSPC 1,363.71997 -5.86 DIS 44.30 0.48 FOSL 78.52 -47.25 MCD 93.55 -1.96 Related Content View Photo Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange May 7, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Angela Moon NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended lower on Tuesday after political developments in Greece fanned concerns about Europe's fiscal health, but a late rally helped indexes cut losses to close well above lows. Stocks spent most of the session sharply lower, with selling following declines in European markets. Fears that Greece will reject an existing international bailout and potentially leave the euro prompted the selling across markets. The S&P 500 fell through support at 1,350 to reach levels not seen since early March, but buyers emerged to support stocks. "A lot of people have been looking at 1,350 as the short-term correction level, a level that the buy-the-dip crowd was hoping to get. This doesn't mean the market is not focusing on Europe," said James Dailey, who manages $215 million at TEAM Financial Asset Management LLC in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Sectors sensitive to the economy floundered, with the S&P consumer discretionary sector (.GSPD) falling 1.3 percent. Investors moved toward safety plays, with utilities (.GSPU) rising 0.2 percent and telecommunications (.GSPL) falling just 0.2 percent. The day's decline in stocks was part of a broad run to safety. Yields on German debt hit a record low while oil fell for a fifth straight day.(MKTS/GLOB) Leftist leader Alexis Tsipras began efforts to form a Greek government by renouncing the terms of an international bailout and threatening to nationalize banks. The weekend's elections in France and Greece herald a new era of opposition to government austerity and add to concern about the strength of economic demand in the United States and China. Market losses mirrored trading in Europe where the FTSEurofirst (.FTEU3) closed down 1.7 percent. French and UK stocks as measured by the CAC 40 and the FTSE 100 turned negative for the year. The Dow Jones industrial average (DJI:^DJI) was down 76.44 points, or 0.59 percent, at 12,932.09. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index (MXP:^SPX) was down 5.86 points, or 0.43 percent, at 1,363.72. The Nasdaq Composite Index (NAS:^COMP) was down 11.49 points, or 0.39 percent, at 2,946.27. The threat of a Franco-German split over policies to tackle the region's debt crisis loomed after anti-austerity Socialist Francois Hollande was elected French president. "This is dragging the situation out even longer and makes it less likely that the progress that has already been made will continue," said Mark Foster, who helps manage $500 million at Kirr Marbach & Co in Columbus, Indiana. While Foster said the weakness has created some bargains, "a lot of major U.S. companies have a lot of exposure to Europe and we may continue seeing that weakness show up here." Dow component McDonald's Corp (MCD) fell 2.1 percent to $93.55 after April same-store sales missed expectations. With 434 of S&P 500 companies reporting results as of Tuesday morning, 66.8 percent exceeded estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data. At the start of the earnings season, more than 80 percent had beaten expectations. Fossil Inc (FOSL) tumbled 38 percent to $78.52. The fashion accessories maker slashed its full-year outlook on weakness in Europe. Electronic Arts Inc (EA.O) dropped 4.3 percent to $14.48 a day after forecasting revenue below estimates. Volume was 7.72 billion shares on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq and the NYSE Amex, above the daily average of around 6.76 billion. On the New York Stock Exchange, decliners outnumbered advancers by a ratio of about 3 to 2. On the Nasdaq, about 13 stocks fell for every 11 that rose. (Reporting By Angela Moon; Editing by Kenneth Barry) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Wall Street opens down on Europe concerns Wall Street cuts losses, but mood fragile Wall St trims losses; Nasdaq positive Wall Street opens lower after ADP jobs data How the major US stock indexes fared on Wedne … How the major US stock indexes fared on Frida … Wall Street extends losses, Nasdaq down 2 per … Oil and Stocks: Can Both Rise? CNBC Dow's Hard Time Holding Onto 13K CNBC Jobs Report Takes its Toll on Wall Street FOXBusiness RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Disney: Resort Gains Fuel Strong Quarter - @ Barrons.com Disney profit rises 21% on parks, TV networks - @ MarketWatch [audio] Radio Update: Stocks take a spill at closing bell - @ MarketWatch Disney profit rises on media, parks growth - Reuters Walt Disney Earnings Top Estimates - @ The Wall Street Journal   All Comments   Top Locations Reno Las Vegas Yucca Austin Northbrook St Petersburg Wilmington New York St Louis Twinsburg 470 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied DG Reid  •  Austin, Texas  •  5 hours ago There is no "new" crisis in Greece. There is just the continuing old crisis. john 4 hours ago The crisis is old news. It's widely known and factored into market psychology. Day to day moves are anticipatory. In my opinion, there was some selling prior to the election results. Yesterday, these shorts covered after the results. With these shorts (potential buyers). out of the way, the markets dropped sharply today. Joe Nowantabe 4 hours ago Seemingly and sadly the leaders in Europe are unwilling at least publicly to admit that countries like Greece will need to drop out of the EuroZone, and go back to their own currency. Then they can either go bankrupt or just do as America does and that means devalue their currency. bobbobwhite 4 hours ago WS says today, "let's use the good old euro crisis one more time as the stock market killer d'jour just to see how much profit is left in it for us". Makes as much or more sense than anything else that WS does to churn the market for profit.  More Reply No Name  •  St Louis, Missouri  •  7 hours ago Let Greece default if that's what it wants to do. It's time to move on. DG Reid  •  Austin, Texas  •  7 hours ago Wow! If we let Greece fail now, we will lose all the money we have already given them. Who could have foreseen this? Could this situation develop anywhere else? Amina 6 hours ago I guess it's better to lose and move on then to keep losing over what could be decades of more loans. jdc 4 hours ago Market drop stopped today, did the 4 parties on market control kick in to stop the selling. Kevin 3 hours ago Sarcasm , yes ?  More Reply something that might work ...  •  8 hours ago Really? "Greece" as a reason? Nothing has changed with Greece in four years. James 8 hours ago let Greece go already !!! Mark 7 hours ago As long as Obama is President, there will always be some other person or some other country to blame for his miserable failures. PH 7 hours ago Same with the Post Office, let it shrink! Congress keeps bailing out an entity that has not been able to survive on its own. Why keep adding to the pain.  More Reply A Yahoo User  •  7 hours ago Greece has no mnaufacturing base and major debt - they have nothing they can offer the world - and now you can see first hand what happens when you sell out your country to others and just run on debt - there's another country that's turning into that - can you guess what it is? i'll give you a hint -t begins with A and is actually like 50 little countries Tda 6 hours ago All too true, sadly. Adam 6 hours ago Comparing Greece to the US is a simplistic and unrealistic. Scorpio 6 hours ago They have basalmic vinegar, postatio nuts and wine. What more could you want?  More Reply Independent Thinker  •  2 hours 40 minutes ago I see a post from the great thinker "Over It" who asks "Have you noticed that only fat rich white guys dislike Obama?". Wow, do people like him paint other people with a broad brush!! That used to be called "racism", but is now being adopted by Liberals as well. Well, Mr. Over It, just for the record: I am white, but neither fat nor rich, and I dislike Obama in spite of the fact that I voted for him. Why? Because I never intended for a Communist/Socialist/Marxist to be our President. If you don't think Obama is those things, read his book "Dreams from My Father" in which HE TELLS YOU HE IS A SOCIALIST, you clown. Sadly, I didn't read it until after the election. My bad. The Little Guy  •  2 hours 55 minutes ago Don worry. Here comes Helicopter Ben with bags full of funny money, ready to Bailout his but buddies in the Filthy Rich Banks and Hedge funds on Wall Street, to keep the "retirement" ponzi scheme going until elections. He'll send the bill to the working class, in the form of crippling inflation, and taxes on everthing. Allen  •  6 hours ago better put your depends undergarmet on, ponzi schemers, you are about ready to khrap your pants applegreen G  •  5 hours ago thierare now 25 25 25 millionssssss americanssss out of work now Aggie in CA  •  Santa Clara, California  •  2 hours 54 minutes ago 'Plunge'? This is not a plunge. If the market falls below 10,000 suddenly, I'll call it a plunge. Hottie  •  3 hours ago Get your own house in order before attacking the Greeks. You can't hide hypocrisy. .  •  4 hours ago Gordon and Roland are rewriting their comments as we speak ... Somehow, whatever they post will include buying the dips, making money in any market and they are up 12% john P  •  4 hours ago The European Union is finished. The current demise will continue. The Greeks just keep pushing their bankruptcy along with promises of new elections and the Germans won't sacrifice their economy for them. Bye-bye Euro. Adam  •  4 hours ago when eur masters starve you. get new masters Post.Haste  •  7 hours ago Loan them more to fix their debt, it's worked several times in the last year Phyla nodiflora  •  Walnut Creek, California  •  2 hours 56 minutes ago I don't think we can attribute the market correction to Greece forever. If oil prices can go to $80/bbl and stay there a while we may actually see another rally. Joey Biden  •  Northbrook, Illinois  •  4 hours ago Wall Street is betting on a QE III that's not going to happen applegreen G  •  5 hours ago thier are now 11 millionnnnss americannns home owners in foreclosure now NY John  •  Utica, New York  •  6 hours ago Get ready to get greased in the shower. Its coming the downfall of the US stockmarket. Daniel  •  Orange, California  •  2 hours 23 minutes ago See what happens when entitlements are threatened....almost like clockwork. The new socialist gov't will have no choice...... if they abandon the austerity program they will have no one loaning them money to continue there spending....therefore austerity anyway CASE in point: Make students pay a fair price for their loans.........or go locally to school and work part time. No one said it was easy. It never has been.  More  Post a comment Top Stories » Wall Street Tumbles on Euro Zone Uncertainty Reuters Stocks tumbled to the lowest level in two months on Tuesday as new questions emerged over Europe's ability to fend … Facebook Roadshow: A Show Indeed Daniel Gross GOP Blocks Senate Debate on Student Loan Bill AP Financial Face-Off: Warren Buffett Vs. Gold and Silver Minyanville With Green Mountain, One Analyst Had it Right Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:04 PM EDT Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - Mon, May 7, 2012 1:53 PM EDT Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:10 PM EDT Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next World's most expensive ingredients Derek Jeter's surprising daily habit Model 'hostess' steals show at debate Gold-medal winner who almost quit Odd place Michael Phelps hides gold meda … Devastating injury news for Baron Davis On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Gavin Smith missing John Travolta Patrick Ewing Christina Aguilera Pet food recall Stephen A. Smith ESPN Kanye West Obesity Student loans N.C. Amendment 1 Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network