McDonald's April sales rise but miss expectationsSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Tue, May 8, 2012, 4:28 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed McDonald's April sales rise but miss expectations McDonald's April sales figure rises 3.3 percent, a smaller rise than expected Associated Press – 4 hours ago Companies: The Wendy's Company McDonald's Corp. MCDONALD'S RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change WEN 4.67 -0.20 MCD 93.55 -1.96 MDO.DE 72.22 -1.74 MDO.HA 74.60 0.20 MDO.HM 71.82 -1.38 Related Content View Photo In this May 6, 2012, photo, people walk around a McDonald's restaurant in New York's Time Square. McDonald's Corp. said Tuesday, May 8, that a key revenue figure rose in April as strength in the U.S. and U.K. helped offset weakness in Japan. But results missed analyst expectations and McDonald's shares fell 2 percent in premarket trading. The world's largest hamburger chain says global sales rose 3.3 percent at stores open at least 13 months. (AP Photo/CX Matiash) OAK BROOK, Ill. (AP) -- McDonald's Corp. said Tuesday that a key revenue figure rose in April as strength in the U.S. and parts of Europe helped offset weakness in Japan. But the results fell short of Wall Street expectations and the fast food chain's own guidance. Although McDonald's has consistently outperformed its rivals, the company is facing the same pressures from the turbulent global economy and rising costs for ingredients that are squeezing the entire industry. The world's largest hamburger chain says global sales rose 3.3 percent at stores open at least 13 months in April. That was short of the 4.1 percent rise analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters, as well as the 4 percent rise McDonald's had forecast. The figure is a key metric because it excludes the impact of newly opened or closed stores. In the U.S., the figure rose 3.3 percent with the help of new extra value menu offerings like the 20-piece Chicken McNuggets. The Oak Brook, Ill.-based company said new drinks and breakfast offerings were also popular. The sales figure rose 3.5 percent in Europe on strength in France, the United Kingdom, Germany and Russia. In the region encompassing Asia/Pacific, the Middle East and Africa, the sales figure rose 1.1 percent; McDonald's said positive results in China were offset by negative results in Japan. McDonald's CEO Jim Skinner expressed confidence in a statement that the chain's evolving menu and revamped stores will continue to attract consumers "amidst a challenging global economy." Sara Senatore, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., noted that the recession in the company's key European market, as well as choppy recovery elsewhere in the developed world, pressured the company's results for the month. In a note to investors, she said consumers' "intense value focus" — particularly in Japan and Australia — also dragged down results. Year to date, sales at stores open at least 13 months is up 6.2 percent, including a 7.4 percent rise in the U.S., 4.6 percent rise in Europe and 4.3 percent rise in the region encompassing Asia/Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. McDonald's sales figures came as rival The Wendy's Co. reported first quarter results that missed expectations on higher costs for ingredients like beef and weaker-than-expected sales. Shares of McDonald's fell $1.45 to $94.06 in afternoon trading. The stock had been down 5 percent since the beginning of the year. @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content McDonald's April comparable sales miss estima … Target April sales rise, but miss analysts' v … Stein Mart April sales figure edges down Zumiez April revenue figure rises Wet Seal April sales figures slides Saks April revenue figure rises Duckwall-Alco key April sales figure rises 2.5 … McDonald's Same-Store Sales Miss Estimates CNBC Not so Golden Sales at McDonald's CNBC McDonald's Same-Store Sales Rise FOXBusiness RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Wall Street falls on Europe, but late buying trims losses - Reuters Daily Wrap: 5/8/2012 - @ Forbes Dow Sinks a Fifth Day in Row - @ The Wall Street Journal Stocks pare losses but end lower on Europe worry - @ MarketWatch Top Ten (5/8) Today’s Most Important Stocks - @ Bloomberg   There are no comments yet Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Top Stories » Wall Street Tumbles on Euro Zone Uncertainty Reuters Stocks tumbled to the lowest level in two months on Tuesday as new questions emerged over Europe's ability to fend … Facebook Roadshow: A Show Indeed Daniel Gross GOP Blocks Senate Debate on Student Loan Bill AP Financial Face-Off: Warren Buffett Vs. Gold and Silver Minyanville With Green Mountain, One Analyst Had it Right Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:04 PM EDT Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - Mon, May 7, 2012 1:53 PM EDT Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - Mon, May 7, 2012 12:10 PM EDT Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next First photo of Charlize's baby boy Man jumps into acid to save co-worker Best celebrity commencement speeches Gold-medal winner who almost quit Britney Spears's belly-baring holiday lo … 90-second exercises to blast your abs On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Gavin Smith missing John Travolta Patrick Ewing Christina Aguilera Pet food recall Stephen A. Smith ESPN Kanye West Obesity Student loans N.C. Amendment 1 Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. The information contained in the AP News report may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of The Associated Press. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network