Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NYSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters – 27 minutes ago Companies: Google Inc. Yahoo! Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change GOOG 607.55 10.58 YHOO 15.35 0.20 Related Content View Photo Facebook Inc. CEO Mark Zuckerberg is escorted by security guards as he departs New York City's Sheraton Hotel May 7, 2012. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz By Nadia Damouni and Olivia Oran NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facebook Inc CEO Mark Zuckerberg fielded questions about the No. 1 social network's slowing revenue growth and its $1 billion purchase of Instagram as he kicked off a cross-country roadshow to promote the company's $10 billion initial public offering. Wearing his trademark "hoodie" sweatshirt, jeans and sneakers, the 27-year-old chief executive said he would do the Instagram deal again if he had to, according to attendees at the event. Hundreds of investors showed up for the presentation at New York's Sheraton Hotel, which was closed to the media, on Monday. The world's largest social network aims to raise about $10.6 billion, dwarfing the coming-out parties of tech companies like Google Inc and granting it a market value close to Amazon.com Inc's. The 8-year-old social network that began as Zuckerberg's Harvard dorm room project indicated an IPO range of $28 to $35 a share on Thursday, which would value the company at $77 billion to $96 billion. The size of the IPO reflects the company's growth and bullish expectations about its money-making potential as a hub for everything from advertising to commerce. Many investors say they expect Facebook to raise its offer price-range as the roadshow progresses from New York to major cities such as Chicago, Boston and San Francisco. Amid the hoopla of one of the most closely watched IPOs in years are persistent concerns about Facebook's longer-term growth and Zuckerberg's majority control. Zuckerberg, who will have roughly 57 percent voting control after the IPO, personally forged the deal to acquire mobile app maker Instagram in a matter of days last month with little involvement from Facebook's board of directors, according to media reports. Asked about the deal by an attendee at the event, Zuckerberg said Facebook's management had discussed a possible Instagram acquisition at length in several meetings. Facebook decided to act when it saw Instagram's user data cross a "tipping point" from which they believed it would grow significantly, he said. He said Facebook moved quickly to strike a deal when it became clear that Instagram was open to being acquired. Zuckerberg was accompanied by finance chief David Ebersman, who was wearing a suit and tie, and Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg. Investors managed to ask five questions during the event on Monday, including a query about Facebook's potential plans to enter China, the world's largest Internet market by users. Zuckerberg noted that Facebook was blocked in China - a situation experienced by several popular U.S. websites such as YouTube and Twitter. Sandberg added that the company would be willing to sit down with Chinese government officials and discuss partnerships in the country. Facebook's emergence as a cultural phenomenon whose beginnings were depicted in the fictionalized 2010 film "The Social Network" added a palpable level of energy and buzz to Monday's event. One investor was overheard joking that the event should have been held in New York's Madison Square Garden, home of the Knicks basketball team and a standard venue for rock concerts. Investors had formed a line outside the Sheraton Hotel about an hour before the roadshow started on Monday morning, as a nearby media throng awaited the arrival of Facebook executives and elicited inquiries from curious passers-by. "This is unlike anything we've ever seen," said another investor who was at the event. Morgan Stanley banker Michael Grimes took the stage to begin the formal presentation as the audience of investors lunched on Cobb salad, ice tea and cookies, attendees said. With 900 million users, Facebook is challenging established Web businesses such as Google Inc and Yahoo Inc for consumers' online time and advertising dollars. Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Herman Leung said in a note to investors on Monday that he expected Facebook's revenue to grow 40 percent this year and 33 percent in 2013. He said the $28 to $35 range for Facebook shares was an "attractive" valuation that provided a "compelling entry point" for investors. In a separate note published Sunday, Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser put a $30 price target on shares of Facebook. "Our conversations with investors to date suggest that concerns around revenue growth and the absence of mobile monetization will linger for some time," said Wieser. But, he added, "we would not be surprised if the stock trades up above the IPO price on retail interest in the company over the near term." (Reporting by Nadia Damouni and Olivia Oran, with additional reporting by Alexei Oreskovic and Alistair Barr in San Francisco; Editing by Richard Chang) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Facebook plans to raise $10.6 billion in mega … Analyst: Facebook will not be typical public co. RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Judge: Microsoft And Motorola Are Playing Me 'Like A Pawn' - Business Insider Smartphones top computers for U.S. Facebook time - @ Reuters Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY - Reuters Google Getting Most Mobile Hits - @ Bloomberg Yahoo Board Is Said to Meet Today, Discussing CEO Scott Thompson - @ Bloomberg   All Comments 13 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied S E  •  Phoenix, Arizona  •  35 minutes ago One year it will be max 15.00 jim s  •  Fayetteville, North Carolina  •  2 minutes 55 seconds ago Facebook is a fad, it started with a good idea and now everything you tell you spouse or mother is public information. It will never make it long term. Greed and advertising, along with expense of tying everything you do on the INTERNET to facebook will kill it. the anti-liberal  •  13 minutes ago This is a stock i won't be buying......................finally i agree with Buffett on something. Fight4Progress  •  1 hour 14 minutes ago Tiny bubbles (tiny bubbles) In the wine (in the wine) Make me happy (make me happy) Make me feel fine (make me feel fine) Tiny bubbles (tiny bubbles) Make me warm all over With a feeling that I'm gonna Love you till the end of time CraigH  •  12 minutes ago Yahoo is irrelivent and in a year like myspace facebook will be too just like google has tanked since going public. If it has half the people it does in a year let alone even half the income or share price of its IPO i'd be shocked. $5 in 12 months but still more valueable then that company with a Y & !. MAJIC12  •  Auckland, New Zealand  •  32 minutes ago I'd say Facebook is on the way out from here on. They should have never tried to make it something it's not. Jack Goldman  •  1 hour 14 minutes ago I have something Zuckerberg will never have, a college diploma. Zuckeberg is a thief. Since when is Jewish an ethnicity? Wikipedia is a faith based Hebrew encyclopedia declaring Jewish as an ethnicity? So not true. Zuckerberg is Hebrew, not Jewish. Greenspan, Bernanke, Blankfein, Lieberman, Frank, Axelrod, Emmanuel, Brin, Page, Pincus, on and on, Israel provoking 9/11, Larry Silverstein, World Trade Center "owner", so many of the people destroying America are Hebrew, taking over after the Great Migration from the Soviet Union and Germany after World War Two. Time for Hebrew affirmative action. 30% of the students at Harvard are Hebrews and they are 2% of the population. If it was good for white Christian males it will be excellent and wonderful for Hebrews. Social justice is on the way. david  •  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  •  1 hour 9 minutes ago You're an embarrassment. An actual 27-year-old man wears a suit and tie. It's not about you, it's about the faces before you. Oh, didn't tell you that in your dorm room at Harvard? Flower  •  1 hour 6 minutes ago I think it may go to 500 or above in no time.... trangbe  •  42 minutes ago Hebrews or Jewish are good at ripping off ppl and good con artists... FD  •  Lewisburg, Ohio  •  52 minutes ago Facebook will take off for a month probably hit $50 or $60, but then in a year it will be under $20. A very few people outside of Zuckerberg will make big bucks, some will, but most will lose a lot of money on this stock. Lance  •  Tucson, Arizona  •  29 minutes ago f fb Jorge Lopez  •  1 hour 16 minutes ago This stock is going from $28 to $8 in less than a year if not days.  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Police probe Churchill Downs death Britney Spears's belly-baring holiday lo … Fugitive couple caught after 12 years on … Big changes coming in video game pricing Obama's gay marriage balancing act On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Georgia Salpa Isabel Celis The Preakness Dannielynn Birkhead Oil prices Valerie Trierweiler Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network