S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off EuropeSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters – 2 hours 46 minutes ago Companies: AMEX BIOTECHNOLOGY INDEX PHLX Housing Sector Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change ^BTK 1,501.3531 49.50 ^HGX 130.07 1.15 CTSH 56.301 -13.36 PEP 66.62 0.72 BKIA.MC 2.38 -0.08 Related Content View Photo Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange May 7, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Angela Moon NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged on Monday, despite the uncertainty surrounding the euro zone's ability to tackle its debt crisis. U.S. financial stocks, normally highly sensitive to events that could unsettle the euro zone's fiscal stability, were not only the biggest gainers, but had the heaviest volume. The S&P 500 financial sector index (REU:^GSPFI) rose 0.7 percent. Bank of America (BAC.N) shares shot up 2.8 percent to $7.96 and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) gained 1 percent to $110.04. "One positive thing we are seeing out of the elections and we are hearing from the ECB chairman is a focus on growth and that austerity measures alone are not going to get them out of this crisis," said Sean Lynch, global investment strategist for Wells Fargo Private Bank in Omaha, Nebraska. "So if there are more growth-oriented measures, that could help the banking system and could be a positive for the economy as well." Analysts pointed to a potential government bailout for troubled Spanish bank Bankia (BKIA.MC) as a boost for the sector. The Dow Jones industrial average (DJI:^DJI) slipped 29.74 points, or 0.23 percent, to 13,008.53 at the close. But the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (MXP:^SPX) inched up just 0.48 of a point, or 0.04 percent, to 1,369.58. The Nasdaq Composite Index (NAS:^COMP) added 1.42 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,957.76. The election results from Europe initially roiled futures markets on Sunday night, but markets were able to rebound. Greeks voted to cast out ruling parties in elections on Sunday, dealing a blow to the fragile political consensus that has kept Europe's currency bloc intact through more than two years of crisis. In France, Socialist Francois Hollande won the presidency over incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy, raising pressure on Germany to pursue a more growth-oriented approach to the regional crisis. In the biotech sector, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc (VRTX) soared 55.4 percent to $58.12 after data from a mid-stage study showed the company's cystic fibrosis drug Kalydeco, when combined with its experimental treatment for the disease, led to significant improvement in lung function. The NYSEArca biotech index (PSE:^BTK) climbed 3.4 percent. In addition to the gains in the U.S. financial sector, homebuilders' shares also advanced in Monday's session. The Philadelphia Stock Exchange index of housing-related shares (XPH:^HGX) rose 0.9 percent. As the earnings season draws to a close, 420 S&P 500 companies had reported results as of Monday morning, with 67.6 percent exceeding estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data. In contrast, more than 80 percent had beaten expectations at the start of the season. Cognizant Technologies Solutions Corp (CTSH) slid 19.2 percent to $56.30 as the biggest drag on the S&P 500, after cutting its profit and revenue outlooks. PepsiCo (PEP) climbed 1.1 percent to $66.62 after Morgan Stanley upgraded its view on the U.S. beverage industry to "attractive" and raised PepsiCo Inc (PEP) to "overweight" from "equal weight. Volume was 6.28 billion shares on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq and the NYSE Amex, below the daily average of around 6.76 billion. On the New York Stock Exchange, advancers outnumbered decliners by a ratio of about 8 to 7. On the Nasdaq, nearly 14 stocks rose for every 11 that fell. (Reporting by Angela Moon; Editing by Jan Paschal) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Eur … Wall St dips, mood fragile after Europe elect … S&P 500 eyes first monthly loss since Novembe … S&P on Pace to Close Above 1370 CNBC Pimco CIO: Is Spain a 'Tumor' in the Euro Zone? CNBC RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Nasdaq stocks posting largest volume increases - AP Nasdaq stocks posting largest percentage decreases - AP Final Glance: Beverages companies - AP Diamond Foods names former head of Hostess as CEO - @ bizjournals.com [video] Daily Market Wrap: May 7, 2012 - @ Forbes   All Comments 38 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied Edward Cate  •  Phoenix, Arizona  •  10 minutes ago Ah, the magic of market manipulation. Back in the 1940s they called it the "Magnificent Delusion." Same circus, different clowns. Noway  •  Bemidji, Minnesota  •  53 minutes ago Unfortunately for the shruggers, bond and currency traders are using real money and they will soon be demanding to see a coherent EU bailout plan. With the election results in place, that plan will be even harder to put together. Ask yourself this - how is Merkel going to convince the German population to keep subsidizing the weaker nations who are no longer committed to austerity? Then ask yourself if this is something that can be shrugged off. Toby  •  Corona, California  •  48 minutes ago It is almost amazing we can get 2 to 3 percent growth out of an economy that cannot go forward. Businesses have money to expand. Yet most workers are simply tapped out. Not enough demand to encourage US companies to expand. So, that growth is going overseas. bill  •  4 minutes 27 seconds ago Ameicans demand $1.50 a GALLON Gasoline or youy can shove it up your,s Bermonkey  •  8 minutes ago Algos won today. George  •  Billings, Montana  •  24 minutes ago so do the underperforming nations of Europe somehow become solvent without any austaurity or higher taxes. How do they pay their bills with more spending and less revenue? Isn't the piggy bank empty? Neutral  •  10 hours ago wow, some dum-/p/h/u/c/k from "street one financials" A quote from ME, insert here: "Joe Neutral, from Dum-p/h/u/ck Financials Too-Dumb-To-Love, Ohio, warned investors to 'look out for good companies on sale, because the countries that really matter to the USA as trading partners still want to trade'". Lucky  •  13 hours ago UNDER 1% IS NOT BAD ,Asian markets are down 2.5-3%.... Chief Ten Beers  •  34 minutes ago I heard that without the FED holding up the market the DOW would drop aprox 3000 points in one day and the next day would drop another 2000 points. Last night the futures were at a point that the Dow would open down 175 points but some magic force came in pumped the futures back to near even and put a floor in to prevent a mass sell off. Thats Ben Bernakie devalueing your money so you see a pretty number that is out of sync with reality. The Little Guy  •  11 hours ago One article recently stated the S&P was at the highest it's been since May 2008. This was the beginning of the Banking Cartel created "credit crisis", when crooked polititians Bailed out the Filthy Rich Banks with Taxpayers' money, causing the worst depression since the 1930's. Millions of American families lost their homes to the Greedy Banks, which were "Made Whole" by greedy polititians. JK  •  Boston, Massachusetts  •  1 hour 14 minutes ago I think this is going to be a classic example of what's known as a "delayed reaction." Alan  •  26 minutes ago The French elected a guy that wants MORE stimulus versus voting for government cutbacks. The markets should have gone up. Sisafitz  •  42 minutes ago As the market indexes fishtail, put/call ratio is steadily climbing. That's not shrugging, that's hedging going on. Ah, well. May arrives once again... Jamie Woofer  •  12 hours ago It's obvious, Governments should not be allowed to borrow period. The reason is that they can Spend and give out benifits that they cannot afford and postpone taxing,all the while telling the populace that "We are Keeping Your Taxes down" Note who won the elections in Europe. The politicians who are for More Debt. It cannot work kids. Lucky  •  Hobart, Australia  •  12 hours ago WHY DO i have strong vibe that market in usa will finish higher today ...... or just 10-20 lower Roland  •  57 minutes ago Shrug off Europe? Better to shrug off gold because gold is for people who are uncivilized. M5  •  San Diego, California  •  13 hours ago The market has been dropping for the last few weeks. Now, suddenly, it is dropping because of the recent outcome of democratic elections in Greece and France. It's a lie. Nobody knows why the market goes up or down. If there had been no elections over the weekend, the market would still probably go down and they would blame it on something else. The truth is that capital markets are chaotic. The people in power don't want you to know this. That is why they come up with rational explanations for every market gyration. They are trying to assign reason and ration to something that is chaotic and lacks reason. True investors ignore these kinds of reports and continue to go about their number-crunching ways. I sold out 50% of my position a week and a half ago. I am glad I did. .50 Sniper  •  1 hour 14 minutes ago Investors *shrug off European votes* because they know the only thing that matters is whether or not the Fed will feed them more cheap dollars to stay afloat. With cheap paper money flowing into the Dow's veins it doesn't matter what happens elsewhere. Paper is cheap, and they know that taxpayers will pick up the tab for whatever the Fed eases. It is in their agreement. ubuntu  •  Honolulu, Hawaii  •  51 minutes ago Sombody signal the "all clear" to alert Republicans to come out from under their beds. Richard  •  10 hours ago Don't Sell out of the market.....Become a Really Long Investor. Believe me I know it hurts..............The only way to fight back, is buy a little more and be long.. You traders to.  More  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted The investor who's beating Warren Buffett … Worst habits for your heart's health Veil lifted on secretive new spacecraft Derek Jeter's surprising daily habit Domino's to make gluten-free pizza On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Georgia Salpa Isabel Celis The Preakness Dannielynn Birkhead Oil prices Valerie Trierweiler Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network