Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documentsSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters – 2 hours 48 minutes ago Companies: Alibaba.com Limited Yahoo! Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change 1688.HK 13.32 0.00 YHOO 15.35 0.20 Related Content View Photo The Yahoo! offices are pictured in Santa Monica, California April 18, 2011. Yahoo! will report its quarterly results on Tuesday. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni By Poornima Gupta (Reuters) - Activist hedge fund Third Point, which has called for the ouster of Yahoo Inc Chief Executive Scott Thompson for padding his resume, formally demanded in a letter that the Internet company provide access to all documents relating to Thompson's hiring. Third Point CEO Daniel Loeb, who has been waging a public battle to place his firm's nominees on Yahoo's board, issued an ultimatum to Yahoo on Friday demanding it sack Thompson by midday Monday. The demand letter on Monday begins the process under a Delaware corporation law that allows a shareholder to inspect a company's books if that person has a proper purpose and meets procedural requirements. Yahoo, whose revenue slid by more than a fifth last year, brought in Thompson, PayPal's former president, as chief executive in January, five months after Carol Bartz was fired. Third Point, which last week revealed the discrepancies in Thompson's education record, wants Yahoo to publicly reveal the process by which Thompson was vetted and disclose all minutes of any board meeting where his candidacy was discussed. Yahoo's board has said it is investigating the issue. "We believe that this internal investigation by this board must not be conducted behind a veil of secrecy and shareholders deserve total transparency," Loeb said in his latest letter on Yahoo. Loeb started out as a trader. He opened shop in 1995 with just $3.3 million in assets under management and operated in space borrowed from David Tepper's Appaloosa Management, a New Jersey-based hedge fund. Yahoo's latest troubles come as it is likely weeks away from selling 15 percent to 25 percent of Alibaba Group's stock back to that company after months of negotiations. The deal with Alibaba, China's largest listed e-commerce company, is expected to be designed to avoid the complexities that had hindered earlier talks, a source told Reuters last week. Loeb has been credited with sparking previous changes on Yahoo's board, namely the resignation of co-founder Jerry Yang and former Chairman Roy Bostock. Yahoo's board has come under fire from investors impatient with the company's persisting inability to effect a turnaround, and indecisiveness over how to handle its investments in Alibaba. Adam Seessel, director of research at Martin Capital Management, which owns Yahoo shares, said while he is a fan of Loeb, the current move by the hedge fund CEO to oust Thompson was a "head scratcher." "If it were normal times, this would warrant a dismissal," Seessel said of Thompson's padded resume. "But he's so new and the company is in such a sensitive spot." "Sometimes in the heat of the battle, you can't get rid of your commander ... and a battle is going on (Reporting by Poornima Gupta; Editing by Phil Berlowitz and Steve Orlofsky) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY - Reuters Google Getting Most Mobile Hits - @ Bloomberg Yahoo Board Is Said to Meet Today, Discussing CEO Scott Thompson - @ Bloomberg Facebook Roadshow: Not Much New Shared - @ The Wall Street Journal Key events involving Yahoo and its performance - AP   All Comments 12 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied TawnyAngel88  •  7 minutes ago Two different rules for regular employees and executives. Most companies require job applicants to sign on a clause that they will be dismissed if misrepresentations were found in their resumes. Call Scott Thompson to be fired, immediately, otherwise Yahoo has no future. John Galt  •  1 hour 3 minutes ago Is it really a big deal compared to Hussein's fake birth certificate? GARY 53 minutes ago Why would anyone care about Saddam Hussein's birth certificate? He's been dead since 2006. Wise up. Wally  •  1 hour 3 minutes ago it's what yahoo gets for deleting madmilker. I hope the stock goes to $0.0001 Drbuilder  •  Portsmouth, Ohio  •  2 hours 34 minutes ago I agree with Adam Seessel. This seems more like Daniel Loeb trying to gain his 15 minutes than a constructive effort to help shareholders. If Dan Loeb wants shareholder support, then he should make specific requests to Yahoo on how they should fix the company. If they seem reasonable and effective, then he will gain support. If he keeps running around on this witch hunt, then we will only believe that this is a prideful, self-serving effort that should be ignored. Lon N  •  Charlotte, North Carolina  •  42 minutes ago At this point, Scott Thompson is 54 years old. He was hired by Yahoo for his accomplishments since '72 - which have been considerable. Dave  •  Fort Myers, Florida  •  50 minutes ago See? People don't care about talent or experience. You've got to get those educational credentials. You've got to get those student loans and get yourself way into debt. People need to be able to clear their student loan debt through bankruptcy just like it were any other debt. TawnyAngel88  •  1 hour 12 minutes ago American CEO's are infamous. Most if not all lie, cheat, steal, plunder, destroy. The more crook you are, the higher you go. That's the rule of norm in this F Up F King country. Long live O'Bumbra and the Mormon Cayman Swiss Bank Guy. Allahu Akbar... D2  •  8 minutes ago Ask obama, you don't need no stinken documents. Hell, he didn't show any and he's pres. of the US. Seriously, I told my employer I had a Phd. and they didn't ask for any documents. I'm a brain surgeon and all is well with my patients, much like the state of the union. Thanks barrack for opening the door of transparency for all. The illegals don't have to show no stinkin documents and we give them money, food stamps, SOCIAL SECURITY, and welfare checks for their kids in Mexico. My advise to Scott is to catch a flight to Hawaii and they'll forge a document for you for about $500.00, discounts for two or more false documents. Keep your job, cause obama won't have another one for you until he's elected for a second term. I know he said he'd have the economy going again or he wouldn't expect to be elected again, but he CHANGED his mind. This is the "CHANGE" he was talking bout. Changing his promises, changing the direction of the nation, changing the White House to micellle's liking, and leaving nothing but CHANGE in your pocket. I had dinner with him, and he told the waiter the Bill wouldn't pass, but he did leave some CHANGE for the tip. Hell, he even CHANGED his name.................... Mike  •  Austin, Texas  •  1 hour 13 minutes ago I agree with Loeb. The current CEO lied. Actions have consequences. Imagine if this was a lowly employee who lied about their education. The door would hit them in the behind so fast their head would spin. There is no reason for a dual class system where CEO's live by one set of rules and the rest of us another. Board members that conspired with Thompson on the cover up should also be dismissed. Time for boards to have some culpability. williamk  •  Charlotte, North Carolina  •  9 minutes ago Thompson probably won't get fired, simply because of what he knows on the other top dogs in YAHDUH! williamk  •  Charlotte, North Carolina  •  11 minutes ago It's about knowingly lying to your employers - lying to the stockholders - if not found out, could he have been blackmailed - if he lies here where else has he lied about - the kind of guy you'd want to marry your daughter and raise your grandchildren Noway  •  Bemidji, Minnesota  •  43 minutes ago I want to see Third Point's hiring documents and a full disclosure of its trading operations. Do that, then I'll support them snooping around in Yahoo's backrooms.  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Week's worth of simple dinner recipes Best celebrity commencement speeches Police: Mom and girls in 'extreme danger … Kids save the day in movie trailer spoof Worst habits for your heart's health On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now The Preakness Dannielynn Birkhead Isabel Celis Georgia Salpa Oil prices Valerie Trierweiler Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network