Warren Buffett says buying stocks amid market dipSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Warren Buffett says buying stocks amid market dip Reuters – 33 minutes ago Companies: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change WMT 59.19 0.49 Related Content View Photo Warren Buffett is surrounded by the media, security and shareholders during the Berkshire Hathaway Annual shareholders meeting in Omaha, May 5, 2012. REUTERS/Lane Hickenbottom By Ben Berkowitz (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc is adding to its shareholdings of two U.S. companies amid a market dip, billionaire investor Warren Buffett said on Monday. Buffett, Berkshire's controlling shareholder, also forecast record results this year for Berkshire's largest non-insurance businesses, among the railroad BNSF and utility MidAmerican. Berkshire class B shares led the insurance sector to close 1.9 percent higher at $82.47 on Monday. In an interview on cable television network CNBC from just outside his conglomerate's home base in Omaha, Nebraska, he dismissed the dip in European shares after weekend elections in France and Greece. "It's going to be very, very difficult to resolve their problems," he said of the euro zone countries, but he insisted they would do so eventually. Buffett declined to identify the two portfolio stocks Berkshire was purchasing more of. He said Berkshire spent $60 million buying stocks last Friday and would buy more on Monday. It was not clear if the $60 million was spent on just two stocks. Over the weekend, Berkshire held its annual shareholder meeting in Omaha, a festival that draws nearly 40,000 people for an hours-long question-and-answer session with Buffett and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger. It was during that session that Buffett revealed he had very nearly made an acquisition of more than $22 billion recently, which would have been one of his biggest ever. The 81-year-old Buffett, recently diagnosed with early-stage prostate cancer, spent much of the day assuring shareholders he was in good health. Barclays Capital analyst Jay Gelb, who participated in one of the Q-and-A panels, said in a note to clients Monday that Berkshire appeared to be worth at least $118 per class B share. While Buffett has his acolytes, not everyone was impressed with his performance. Australian hedge fund manager John Hempton, in a post on his blog on Saturday, said the day was full of the usual questions on politics, economics and the like. "I got all this -- and for the most part I got the usual homily answers. (The same questions were asked last year and the year before and the year before that. Answers can be got from meeting notes)," Hempton wrote. During the CNBC interview, Buffett reiterated his support for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, saying a scandal over bribe payments in Mexico did not change his opinion of the stock. He is Wal-Mart's fifth-largest shareholder. (Reporting by Ben Berkowitz; additional reporting by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by John Wallace and Phil Berlowitz) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Warren Buffett says buying stocks amid market … Buffett's opinion on Walmart not changed by s … Top Berkshire execs take questions at meeting Buffett: Wal-Mart may have made a mistake in  … Buffett plays down health concern, mulled meg … Buffett's health on minds of Berkshire invest … Munger, Buffett on the Volcker Rule CNBC Buffett: We're Adding to Positions We Already Own CNBC Berkshire More than Buffett and Munger FOXBusiness RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Warren Buffett says buying stocks amid market dip - Reuters Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. - Business Wire Final Glance: Big-box Retail companies - AP [video] Cramer's Take on Commodities - @ CNBC UPDATE 2-Warren Buffett says buying stocks amid market dip - @ Reuters   All Comments 14 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied over here in this line  •  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  •  10 minutes ago anyone else having Yahoo issues with loading or reloading as you are reading? phunk 6 minutes ago All day today. And almost everytime I make a thumbs up (or down usually to the naysayers on finance) it freezes. Odd Duck  •  11 minutes ago If you want to know how gold will perform relative to stocks over the next hundred years, why not look at their relative performance over the last hundred years? It is just a suggestion, I am not doing the research for you. tim w  •  28 minutes ago he has way too much to waste. i guess at 81, he finally realizes that money isn't everything huh? Paul  •  New York, New York  •  24 minutes ago It doesn't matter if he wins or loses. He's not part of the real world. Yahoo user  •  1 hour 15 minutes ago Well, it's big money playing the market. factChecker 35 minutes ago He usually buys in for the long run with companies that he likes, not playing the market. Noway  •  Bemidji, Minnesota  •  49 minutes ago Since Buffett has underperformed the market for the past 3 years, is he now inviting the rest of the lemmings to do the same? We are still very close to a multi year high - there is no dip worth buying - yet anyway. Meditech  •  Spokane, Washington  •  19 minutes ago Of course he is buying. At same time he isn't saying what he has sold off. He and his buddies can leverage the entire market with their combined worth. They buy on the down with a keystroke forcing market to go up. Then when they feel they have made enough they all sell just as fast forcing market to go down. Accepting Life for What I ...  •  New York, New York  •  1 hour 16 minutes ago Don't mind us little guys, we're waiting for the real market dip... critic  •  17 minutes ago This guy profits and profits big if the market goes up so it is in his interest if people put money in the stocks. He is no fool. He does not care if you lose, as long as he wins. Under the first layer, he is deeply republican. Money Multiplier Man  •  53 minutes ago 60 million in pocket change Accepting Life for What I ...  •  New York, New York  •  1 hour 18 minutes ago Which market dip? Are we on the same planet? Robert  •  Houston, Texas  •  39 minutes ago Went will this old fart retire and stop talking. Mark  •  40 minutes ago The dip is buying in the dip he is soooooooo smart a blind hog finds an acorn now and then privy  •  38 minutes ago I always listen to billionaires for financial advice. They clearly understand middle class finances and are very understanding of the $15 trillion debt we have.  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Kardashian reveals struggle with disorde … NBA player's embarrassingly bad pass Big changes coming in video game pricing France's fascinating (and unwed) 'first  … Surfer honored for world's largest wave On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Dannielynn Birkhead The Preakness Valerie Trierweiler Georgia Salpa Oil prices Isabel Celis Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network