Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zoneSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters – 54 minutes ago Related Content View Photo Supporters of the extreme-right Golden Dawn party raise flares as they celebrate polls results in Thessaloniki, northern Greece May 6, 2012. REUTERS/Grigoris Siamidis By Lefteris Papadimas and Paul Taylor ATHENS/PARIS (Reuters) - An anti-austerity backlash by voters in Greece and France shook the euro zone on Monday, causing jitters for the euro currency and stock markets amid deepening doubts about whether Greece has a future in the single currency. Greece, where Europe's sovereign debt crisis began in 2009, slid into turmoil after an election on Sunday boosted left and right-wing fringe parties, stripping the two mainstream parties that backed a painful EU/IMF bailout of their parliamentary majority. Uncertainty over whether the country could avert bankruptcy and stay in the euro deepened on Monday when Antonis Samaras, leader of the conservative New Democracy party which won the biggest share of the vote, failed within hours to cobble together a government. Samaras had had three days to form a coalition. However, his call for a national unity government to keep Greece in the euro zone but renegotiate the bailout programme fell on deaf ears. Rebuffed by a string of anti-bailout parties, Samaras admitted defeat shortly after President Karolos Papoulias had given him the mandate to negotiate a coalition. "It was impossible," he told reporters. "I handed back the mandate." Next in line to try to form a government will be Left Coalition leader Alexis Tsipras, whose party came second on a platform of rejecting the austerity conditions of Greece's latest bailout programme. However, European Commission spokesman Amadeu Altafaj said: "Full and timely implementation of the programme is of the essence in order to meet the targets and (reach) sustainability of the Greek debt. The Greek result overshadowed France's presidential election, in which Socialist Francois Hollande, who wants to change Europe's policy focus from austerity to restoring growth, ousted conservative incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who had openly supported Sarkozy, her partner in euro zone crisis management, promised to welcome Hollande "with open arms" and work with him to maintain strong Franco-German cooperation at the heart of Europe. But she also made clear there could be no renegotiation of a fiscal discipline treaty. Hollande has said France will not ratify it unless measures are added to promote economic growth. "We in Germany are of the opinion, and so am I personally, that the fiscal pact is not negotiable. It has been negotiated and has been signed by 25 countries," Merkel told journalists. "We are in the middle of a debate to which France, of course, under its new president will bring its own emphasis. But we are talking about two sides of the same coin - progress is only achievable via solid finances plus growth," she added. Jean-Claude Juncker, head of the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers, said he had told Hollande on Monday that the European Union's fiscal pact could not be renegotiated. "It will not be possible to change the substance of the fiscal pact, there will not be a formal new negotiation in that respect," Juncker said after Hollande had telephoned him. However, he added: "It is possible to add growth elements, not necessarily in the form of a treaty. STRUGGLING SOUTHERNERS Hollande's election gave leaders of struggling southern European countries a new ally in their effort to temper the German drive for austerity that has exacerbated their problems. In a telephone call with Hollande on Sunday night, Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti promised to cooperate on refocusing European policy towards growth. The International Monetary Fund showed some new flexibility on Monday over how quickly it would press deeply indebted countries to bring their budgets under control if economic growth weakens. IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde in a speech in Zurich said the IMF is aware that fiscal austerity holds back growth and the effects are worse in an economic downturn. Hence calibrating the cutbacks and achieving the right pace are essential, she said. "As next year looms on the horizon, countries need to keep a steady hand on the wheel. If growth is worse than expected, they should stick to announced fiscal measures, rather than announced fiscal targets," she said. "In other words, they should not fight any fall in tax revenues or rise in spending caused solely because the economy weakens," Lagarde said. She also said on the world's advanced economies still had to cut their debts or face even more pain. "The most important element is to lay out a credible medium-term plan to lower debt," she said. "Without such a plan, countries will be forced to make an even bigger adjustment soon. The Greek and French votes unsettled investors, undermining confidence in Europe's plans to cut spending and tackle the debt crisis, given the scale of public opposition. The euro fell to a three-month low of $1.2955 in Asia before recovering trade at around $1.3050 at 1830 GMT. European stocks slipped early in the day on the Greek news but most recovered later, except the Athens stock exchange, down 6.67 percent. French debt was spared from the selloff, in a sign that markets are more relaxed about the moderate Hollande. The yield on French 10-year bonds fell to its lowest in seven months. In Greece, Sunday's election threatened to produce what daily Ta Nea called a "Nightmare of ungovernability". Among the parties that stormed into parliament were the extreme right-wing Golden Dawn, which won 6.97 percent and 21 seats. The Left Coalition pushed the former ruling PASOK Socialist party into third place. Between them, New Democracy and PASOK won 149 of the 300 seats, two short of a majority. Greece had appeared to have averted a disorderly default and euro exit in December when a government led by former central banker Lucas Papademos, and supported by the two main parties, agreed on a second international bailout under which private bondholders accepted sharp write-downs on their holdings. But the four straight years of recession, wage and pension cuts and still rising mass unemployment drove angry Greeks further to the left and right. Greece consistently missed targets under its first programme, agreed in April 2010, which led to the restructuring of its private-sector debt under the second package. Officials say any further backsliding now will not be tolerated, especially with the International Monetary Fund a reluctant partner in the second programme. Three Greek finance ministry officials told Reuters the country might run out of cash by the end of June if it does not have a government in place to negotiate the next installment of EU/IMF aid and projected state revenues fall short. Euro zone leaders have so far done everything to avoid a Greek default and departure from the euro, which Merkel has said would be a catastrophe. Officials are worried by the precedent it could set for other troubled south European countries. But public support for further bailouts is wearing thin in the euro zone's triple-A rated lenders Germany, the Netherlands and Finland, raising doubts about their willingness to go on supporting a recalcitrant Greece. Some European diplomats and economists have been predicting the possibility of Greece leaving the euro area for months. In a research paper published on February 6, Willem Buiter, the chief economist at Citi, raised his estimate of the likelihood of Greece dropping out of the currency zone to 50 percent over the next 18 months, from 25-30 percent previously. On Monday, Citi raised the probability again to 50-75 percent. (Additional reporting by John O'Donnell and Jan Strupczewski in Brussels, Dina Kyriakidou and Karolina Tagaris in Athens, Stephen Brown, Gareth Jones, Sarah Marsh and Ralf Bode in Berlin, Marius Zaharia and Richard Hubbard in London, Doug Palmer in Washington and Catherine Bosley in Zurich; Writing by Paul Taylor; Editing by Janet McBride and David Stamp) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro z … Greek conservatives begin hunt for partners after … Euro tanks in Asia after Greek vote upsets IMF chief: euro zone knows growth is importan … Euro tumbles as Greek vote threatens austerit … Greek runner-up rejects coalition with top pa … Risk assets weaken after French, Greek electi … Greek Conservatives Give Up on Forming Ruling Government CNBC Jobs, Earnings & the Euro Zone CNBC Spain `Epicenter' of Euro-Zone Crisis, Chaney Says Bloomberg   All Comments 21 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied Tailgunnar  •  Thibodaux, Louisiana  •  58 minutes ago France cut spending 2% and called that austerity. 2%!!! That's what this is all about. The people in Europe are insane. Chuck Sherman, Jr.  •  Santa Clara, California  •  11 minutes ago The same thing will happen here if O-bow-ma is reelected. xtra  •  11 minutes ago retire on bank interests..? rather than speculation or gambling,? being ripped off of the earning ability of a hard saved dollar daily?..zero interest rate bleeding your accounts and creating distress and turmoil, panic and stress, being likked by these neo financial realities...thats genocide,,,,, and austerity the anti-liberal 3 minutes 33 seconds ago Calm down and try Ally demand notes 2.25% apy combined with a monthly dividend stock portfolio. Magron  •  De Witt, New York  •  25 minutes ago the only real weapon 'they' have against countries that refuse to play is to not trade. as we've already seen..way too many greedy capitalists in the world who want that trade. that one won't work anymore. idiot 22 minutes ago Your right so lets all give up dah Do your part I'll do mine and TOGETHER we can make a difference I'll bet you don't vote in the fall why bvecause you will be whining poor me I don't count Magron 20 minutes ago just a heads up idiot. this is an english forum/ please post in it.  More Reply JP  •  41 minutes ago All the Kings men won't put Europe together again. The socialist union cancer is close to full term. RIP. xtra 9 minutes ago but will they take you with them... Tim  •  Houston, Texas  •  14 minutes ago Of course Greek want to remain in the euro zone. They just don't want to be compelled to cut their spending !!! Won't it be nice to be able to freely spend money, other people's !? Don't throw good money after bad ones; let Greece dsfault and leave the euro zone. Noway  •  Bemidji, Minnesota  •  37 minutes ago I cannot believe the markets shrugged this off. What do they think the politicians who just got elected are going to do? They ran on anti-austerity and now they are going to leave things the way they are? Nonsense. Wait until Merkel asks the German people to pony up another pile of bailout money when they get to see Greece reversing the agreed to austerity, France lowering the retirement age and hiring 60,000 teachers, and Spain and Italy running budget deficits over any EU targets. DANIEL  •  55 minutes ago Corporations, banks, etc., default on debt, go bankrupt and reorganize their way out of debt, etc. all the time, it's simply a business decision. Why shouldn't the people of Greece and France make the same business decision the people they owe money to make all the time? Jorge Lopez  •  1 hour 9 minutes ago Greece will default and quit Euro currency. DANIEL  •  1 hour 1 minute ago There really are two choices: #1 Go the austerity route, pay a handfull of bankers and decimate the middle and lower classes for the next 100 years. (The voters in France and Greece didn't like this option.) #2 Don't go the austerity route and don't pay the current bankers and let them fail. Then step back and wait for other bankers to fill the void. (The current bankers don't like this option.) Seems a pretty easy choice: If you are a banker, choose option #1. If you are not a banker, choose option #2. R Mann  •  56 minutes ago . . .and Merkel has learned from Obama! My way or the highway! I'll stomp my foot and throw a fit! I will win in the end! You can't possibly be right as Germany needs your euros to support our spending! Tsy  •  Salt Lake City, Utah  •  28 minutes ago Socailsim does not work - there is not enough money in the world to help these fools - we are next Johnathon  •  1 hour 14 minutes ago Hahaha!!! How hilarious is it that one of the authors' names is Lefteris Papadimas? Jay  •  Joliet, Illinois  •  1 hour 18 minutes ago The Republicans are down to just two constituents; the Greedy Rich and the Stupid! And that includes the Euro version. JimmyZ  •  58 minutes ago So the new idiot they elected wants to decrease their nuclear power from 75% to 50%. So what are they going to use french fry grease? So I guess the stupid Americans are going to follow the French. This is the end of USA if Barry is re-elected. LLLLDoubleZ  •  Elmhurst, Illinois  •  4 minutes 3 seconds ago Austerity to Prosperity Servival of the fitest me  •  7 hours ago ..Greece, get a grip and pay your debt! ..the days of connin' the rest of the EU with a little Greek dance are over! DALE  •  Los Angeles, California  •  41 minutes ago Just don't give these insolvent countries any more money. Then they will see what austerity really means. Bankruptcy will happen anyway, just as soon as they run out of other people's money. beenthere  •  1 hour 17 minutes ago Where are the comments from the French? Although there are some elsewhere eemingly from those who "approve" the election result, none appear to be from a true citizen believer. Not a landslide by any means. Surely there is someone in that sorry population that sees only more Gallic folly without a chance of gaining respect for the county's collective intelligence. Not that the US is presenting a much sharper image. Lawrence  •  1 hour 24 minutes ago Congratulations France  More  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Derek Jeter's surprising daily habit Twitter stirs up 2012 political race Ryan Seacrest tries to sell mansion — ag … Big changes coming in video game pricing Kids save the day in movie trailer spoof On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now The Preakness Valerie Trierweiler Dannielynn Birkhead Isabel Celis Oil prices Georgia Salpa Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network