Morgan Stanley outlines downgrade costsSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Morgan Stanley outlines downgrade costs Reuters – 33 minutes ago Companies: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Morgan Stanley RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change GS 110.04 1.05 MS 16.15 0.15 Related Content View Photo The exterior of the world headquarters for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated is seen in New York, May 19, 2008. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson By Rick Rothacker (Reuters) - Morgan Stanley (MS) said on Monday that credit rating agency downgrades of its long-term debt would have required the company to provide additional collateral and make termination payments under derivatives contracts ranging from $868 million to $7.2 billion as of March 31. The New York-based investment bank disclosed the potential costs in a quarterly securities filing as one of the rating agencies, Moody's Investors Service, weighs possible downgrades of 17 financial institutions with global capital markets operations, including Morgan Stanley. Other banks have been making similar disclosures in their quarterly filings. Credit ratings are opinions on a company's creditworthiness that help determine its borrowing costs and the availability of credit. Under derivatives agreements, changes in ratings can also require financial institutions to provide additional collateral or make other payments to counterparties. In Monday's filing, Morgan Stanley said it is also required to pledge additional capital to certain exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of downgrades. As of March 31, the increased collateral requirements ranged from $160 million to $2.4 billion, depending on the severity of the downgrade. The impact of additional collateral requirements is "fully considered" in the company's contingency funding plan, according to the filing. To prepare for a possible downgrade, Morgan Stanley has been moving derivatives into its higher-rated bank entity and has reduced the size of its structured products business, which would be most impacted by the change, the firm's chief financial officer, Ruth Porat, said in April. Moody's warned in February that it might lower Morgan Stanley's rating by three notches to Baa2, putting its rating below peers, including Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS). The downgrade scenarios disclosed on Monday are with the highest amount of collateral owed factored in a three-notch downgrade by Moody's. (Reporting by Rick Rothacker in Charlotte) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content BofA: Downgrades could require billions in co … Big Banks Resist New Limits Proposed by the Federal … Morgan Stanley bond trading unexpectedly stro … Morgan Stanley beats estimates on strong trad … On the Call: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman Morgan Stanley Is Up 6.3% In Pre-Market Trading … Accounting charge trims Morgan Stanley revenu … Morgan Stanley M&A Chief on 2012 Deals CNBC High-End Brothel & Morgan Stanley Investigation CNBC Highlights from Morgan Stanley's Call CNBC RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER M Stanley reassesses downgrade impact - @ Financial Times Morgan Stanley Could Face Collateral Call - @ New York Times Morgan Stanley outlines downgrade costs - Reuters UPDATE 2-Morgan Stanley outlines downgrade costs - @ Reuters Facebook Roadshow: Not Much New Shared - @ The Wall Street Journal   All Comments 16 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied Rick Kaminski  •  57 minutes ago Let them go under. John  •  New York, New York  •  1 hour 9 minutes ago Fck em William  •  13 minutes ago Let the bailout begin, it's election time! That campaign money needs to keep rolling in! Just  •  Hampton, Virginia  •  11 minutes ago No more bailout form tax payers and CEO get no big salary and bonus/stock options. Scott  •  Kansas City, Missouri  •  16 minutes ago No problem, we the people have plenty of money. We know you Billionaires need the money worst than we do. We already know how to live on a little money. You just don't have that skill and we wouldn't want you to get depressed. Neo  •  Erfurt, Germany  •  1 hour 22 minutes ago Is it just me or should I really care? Homey  •  Seattle, Washington  •  20 minutes ago wierd how wall street's acting like nothing's happening. calm before the storm? Noway  •  Bemidji, Minnesota  •  45 minutes ago Would you lend money to Morgan Stanley and the other big banks? Are you kidding me? After MF Global? They clearly can't keep investment money separate from speculative money -- and they are fighting any regulations that force them to keep it separate. And NOW they are complaining that their ratings are going to be downgraded! Of course they are going to be downgraded - they are NOT a bank any more - they are a speculative house sucking on free Fed money that can disappear at any time. Sean  •  1 hour 21 minutes ago Here comes the FEDeral reserve to the rescue. TinfidelB  •  10 minutes ago Let them scam it from Facebook IPO K  •  Las Vegas, Nevada  •  43 minutes ago Morgan Stanley at the discount window, "3 Billion please, Thanks see ya next time" ey02kdv98  •  1 hour 3 minutes ago Billions in Collateral? Will Tom Cruise be delivering the briefcase with all those billions? Better not mess with his briefcase. AdrianM  •  18 minutes ago Would people with retirement plans with Morgan Stanley be at risk? Pat  •  17 minutes ago Is anybody going to serve cheese with that whine? I think not. over here in this line  •  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  •  26 minutes ago MS is a ripoff. The brokers are all AHs. talk for 10 minutes and you wasted 9.5 minutes of their time. hurdygurdyone  •  Elmhurst, Illinois  •  40 minutes ago What I heard on Frontline was just jaw dropping. Normally when you have a failure the company files Chapter 11 and eventually sells off all the assets and the high paid management execs lose their jobs along with everyone else. When Morgan Stanley fails Obama's pay czar approves the $600K bonuses of the failed execs and they get to keep their jobs. Why did we use middle class taxpayer money to reward companies that had no talent pool like that of Morgan Stanley. Oh, I wish that these failed companies had a talent pool, but they didn't...  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Week's worth of simple dinner recipes Woman 'traumatized' by cheetah attack Video games keep Somali kids off streets J.Lo opens up about motherhood woes NBA star's child does hilarious impressi … On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Georgia Salpa Isabel Celis The Preakness Dannielynn Birkhead Oil prices Valerie Trierweiler Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network