Treasury further lowers government stake in AIGSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters – 23 minutes ago Companies: American International Group, Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change AIG 31.84 -0.99 Related Content View Photo The logo of American International Group Inc. (AIG) on the outside of their corporate headquarters in New York, November 10, 2008. REUTERS/Mike Segar WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Treasury on Monday said it is trimming its ownership stake in American International Group Inc (AIG) to 61 percent from 70 percent by selling more shares of the insurer's common stock. The U.S. government said it expects to receive another $750 million by offering additional shares, known as exercising an over-allotment option. On Sunday Treasury had said it expected to reduce its stake in AIG to 63 percent. But demand was high for the insurer's shares and Treasury said it now plans to sell 188.5 million shares for approximately $5.8 billion. The government acquired its AIG shares as part of a $182 billion bailout of the insurer in 2008, the largest-ever rescue of a single corporation, and has reduced the investment over time. (Reporting by Margaret Chadbourn; Editing by Leslie Adler) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Treasury prices $5B sale of AIG stock Treasury announces 3rd round of AIG stock sal … Treasury to sell more AIG common stock AIG Announces U.S. Department of the Treasury … AIG To Provide Live Audio Webcast of 2012 Annual … Treasuries Slip on European Economic Data Treasury Bonds Becoming a Risk to Your Portfolio? Roger Altman on U.S. Jobs Report, Facebook RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Stocks Brush Off Europe's Rewind - @ The Wall Street Journal Treasury expects $5.8 bln from sale of AIG shares - @ MarketWatch Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG - @ Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG - Reuters US Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG - @ Reuters   All Comments 2 comments Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied joe joe  •  Lima, Ohio  •  3 minutes 30 seconds ago They should have lowered their stake in GM when the unions did. Could've saved the taxpayers a bundle. Instead we're stuck w/ a stock that just keeps losing ground. phunk  •  Chicago, Illinois  •  9 minutes ago I wish when articles talked about AIG they would stop saying AIG Insurance. It wasnt the insurance unit that caused the troubles, they are, always have been, and should alway be solvent. Because guess who is still the largest insurance company in the world? AIG. And the public panics whenever they hear this. Never was dollar one of any life insurance contract at risk, just swaps, and I dont know too many average people that held those.  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Domino's to make gluten-free pizza 90-second exercises to blast your abs Hot careers that are hiring now Twitter stirs up 2012 political race Who sees what you share on Facebook? On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Georgia Salpa Valerie Trierweiler The Preakness Dannielynn Birkhead Oil prices Isabel Celis Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network