Chesapeake should consider sale-top investorSkip to search. New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage   Notifications Help Mail Video Yahoo! Yahoo! Finance Search Search Web HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Focus on Retirement Glossary MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Daniel Gross The Exchange Financially Fit FANTASY FINANCE Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Mon, May 7, 2012, 7:11 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Chesapeake should consider sale-top investor Reuters – 1 hour 42 minutes ago Companies: Total SA Exxon Mobil Corporation Chesapeake Energy Corporation RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change FP.PA 35.95 0.44 XOM 84.48 -0.09 CHK 17.13 -0.26 Related Content View Photo Chesapeake Energy Corporation's 50 acre campus is seen in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on April 17, 2012. REUTERS/Steve Sisney By Anna Driver and Michael Erman (Reuters) - Chesapeake Energy Corp's largest shareholder urged the natural gas company to remain open to acquisition, despite the weakness of its share price Chesapeake and Chief Executive Aubrey McClendon have been under pressure in recent from investors who are advocating for change in the company's leadership and now its business model. Following a Reuters investigation into $1.1 billion in loans taken out against his share of company wells, McClendon has been stripped of his role of chairman of the company by the board of directors and the corporate perk granting him interest in company wells will be terminated early. Now, the company's largest shareholder is seeking more change, urging the board and its CEO to consider the sale of the company, more asset sales and a change in strategy. In a letter to McClendon, Southeastern Asset Management, holder of a 13.6 percent stake in Chesapeake, acknowledged the "dangers of opening such conversations" as the company struggles with concerns about McClendon's business dealings, on top of the low natural gas prices. "However, we also don't want to use this large price-to-value gap as an excuse to refuse discussions with any potential acquirers who would be willing to pay a price today that recognizes the longer term value of the company," said the letter, filed with U.S. securities regulators on Monday and signed by Southeastern CEO Mason Hawkins. Chesapeake shares are trading around $17 dollars per share but analysts peg the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, company's net asset value around $25 to $30 per share. While experts caution that pulling off a sale of Chesapeake would be extremely complicated, Southeastern said last week that it planned to take a more active role in the affairs of the company. The Southeastern letter urged the company to accelerate its sales of assets not core to its exploration and production business, and expressed concern about the amount of time Chesapeake's management has spent on "unproductive communications" at conferences and in media interviews. "We appreciated receiving the letter and look forward to further discussions with our largest shareholder in the days and weeks to come," Chesapeake spokesman Michael Kehs said. Southeastern also urged Chesapeake to abandon production growth targets and instead focus on "maximizing operational cash flow." Chesapeake faces a funding gap of about $9 billion this year. TOUGH SELL Chesapeake thirst for capital in recent years has created a very complex company. It has raised funds by selling future natural gas production, shares in royalty trusts and by finding joint venture partners. Those deals and other obligations would make it difficult for any but the most deep-pocketed partners. "The problem you are going to have with Chesapeake is that it has become a very complex company because of the financings they've had to do," said Neal Dingmann at Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Dingmann's view was echoed by an investment banker who spoke last week on the condition of anonymity. "To the extent to which they have clean assets, those are the ones that they've basically marked for sale, because they can and because they have to," the banker said. "I think it's tough." To the extent that the company's competitors would be interested in bidding, it would likely include large international oil companies that already have presence in U.S. shale regions like Total , Statoil Chevron Corp or Exxon Mobil Corp, bankers said. Shares of Chesapeake closed down 26 cents at $17.13 on the New York Stock Exchange. The stock hit its lowest level in three years last week at $16.70, or more than 75 percent below its 2008 peak. (Additional reporting by Braden Reddall in San Francisco and Matt Daily in New York; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick, Matthew Lewis, Steve Orlofsky and Gunna Dickson) @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Content Top Chesapeake holder to stay open to buyout  … Chesapeake's McClendon to give up chairman po … Chesapeake shares plunge on results, new CEO  … Chesapeake to replace McClendon as chairman Chesapeake's McClendon to step down as chairm … Recent ups and downs in Chesapeake shares Chesapeake shares tumble 10 percent Chesapeake Energy Conference Call CNBC Chesapeake's Aubrey McClendon Will Give Up Title CNBC More Downside for Chesapeake? CNBC RELATED HEADLINES BY TICKER Energy Business Review: Chevron is Bullish on This Area, BP Might Still Win - @ Wall St. Cheat Sheet Business Highlights - AP Chesapeake urged to consider buyout offers - @ Financial Times Final Glance: Oil companies - AP Chesapeake should consider sale-top investor - Reuters   All Comments 1 comment Popular Now Newest Oldest Most Replied david  •  Shreveport, Louisiana  •  32 seconds ago Ladies and gentlemen may I present the latest incarnation of Enron!!!!  Post a comment Top Stories » S&P ends almost flat; investors shrug off Europe Reuters Investors brushed off Europe's election results, as the S&P 500 rebounded from early losses to end nearly unchanged … Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY Reuters Anti-austerity ballot backlash rattles euro zone Reuters Treasury further lowers government stake in AIG Reuters Third Point demands Yahoo CEO hiring documents Reuters Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio »   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Trading Center Compare Brokers » Featured Content Domino’s to Let You Go Gluten-Free The Exchange - 7 hours ago Buffett Is Wrong, Gold Prices Will Soar Breakout - 5 hours ago Surprise! Turns Out Mark Zuckerberg Is a Great CEO Daily Ticker - 7 hours ago Yahoo! Finance on Facebook   YAHOO! FINANCE ON TWITTER Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 20 prev next CIA: New underwear bomb plot thwarted Who sees what you share on Facebook? Police probe Churchill Downs death War veteran loses 100 pounds in six mont … Country's fattest cat, Meow, dies at 2 Big changes coming in video game pricing On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES FANTASY FINANCE Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now The Preakness Isabel Celis Dannielynn Birkhead Georgia Salpa Oil prices Valerie Trierweiler Suge Knight Jim Nabors Rheumatoid arthritis Michael Phelps Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China Chinese France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2012 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Copyright © 2012 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Delay times are 15 mins for NASDAQ, NYSE and Amex. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - ABC News Network